oh come on come on nice place is not
another hotel gonna gonna oh oh oh yeah
cuz i own and kyle it ago your phone now
contagion quan chi Sheena
franchini the gencon i'm gonna call it
gonna be cutting all once i know my wife
it did not want to go
hey do I hi deal
and I off
then get at all we all like Yannick
module five years old will take off
all the way down now
and I are go yah yah my my my my mind if
I see that you might see now hey shut up
hey hey hey long enough yeah I know hey
hey oh my god god oh fun oh ho wishing
one go on go on go on whoa hey whoa hey
why don't we know huh whoa whoa whoa oh
no whoa whoa whoa whoa i was good so
long hold on hold on the